A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.  - - -Saki [H. H. Munro] 
Any idiot can get laid when they're famous. That's easy. It's getting laid when you're not famous that takes some talent.  - - -Kevin Bacon, 1996 
Approximately 80% of our air pollution stems from hydrocarbons released by vegetation, so let¡¯s not go overboard in setting and enforcing tough emission standards from man-made sources.  - - -Ronald Reagan (10 Sept. 1980) 
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it¡¯s looks, most women know otherwise.  - - -Kathleen Turner (1986) 
Be nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down.  - - -Wilson Mizner 
Be nice to your children, for they will choose your rest home.  - - -Phyllis Diller 
Blind faith in your leaders, or in anything, will get you killed.  - - -Bruce Springsteen 
Be sure to wear a good cologne, a nice aftershave lotion, and a strong underarm deodorant. And it might be a good idea to wear some clothes, too. - - -George Burns 
Brevity is the soul of lingerie.  - - -Dorothy Parker 
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff.  - - -Will Rogers 
By the time you're eighty years old you've learned everything. You only have to remember it.  - - -George Burns 
Dress simply. If you wear a dinner jacket, don't wear anything else on it ... like lunch or dinner.  - - -George Burns 
Drugs have nothing to do with the creation of music. In fact, drugs are dumb and self-indulgent. Kind of like sucking your thumb.  - - -Courtney Love 
Have no fear of perfection- you'll never reach it.  - - -Salvador Dali 
He who slings mud generally loses ground.  - - -Adlai Stevenson 
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.  - - -Steve Landesberg 
Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance?  - - -Phyllis Diller 
Humility is no substitute for a good personality.  - - -Jon Winokur 
I always advise people never to give advice.  - - -P. G. Wodehouse 
I think capital punishment works great. Every killer you kill never kills again. - - -Bill Maher 
I think every woman is entitled to a middle husband she can forget.  - - -Adela Rogers St. John 
If a pit bull romances your leg, fake an orgasm.  - - -Hut Landon 
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.  - - -G. K. Chesterton 
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing slowly . . . very slowly.  - - -Gypsy Rose Lee 
If it doesn't fit, you must acquit.  - - -Johnnie L. Cochran, Jr. 
If it has tires or testicles, you're going to have trouble with it.  - - -Linda Furney 
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.  - - -Dan Quayle 
If you can't convince them, confuse them.  - - -Harry S Truman 
If you can't be kind, at least be vague.  - - -Judith Manners 
If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten.  - - -George Carlin 
If you can't laugh at yourself, make fun of other people.  - - -Bobby Slayton 
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.  - - -Rush 
If you ever see me getting beaten by the police, put down the video camera and come help me. - - -Bobcat Goldthwait 
If you have to be in a soap opera try not to get the worst role.  - - -Boy George 
If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married.  - - -Katherine Hepburn 
If you want to say it with flowers, a single rose says : "I'm cheap!" - - -Delta Burke  
If your eyes hurt after you drink coffee, you have to take the spoon out of the cup.  - - -Norm Crosby 
If you're there before it's over, you're on time.  - - -James Walker 
Impropriety is the soul of wit.  - - -W. Somerset Maugham 
It ain't over till it's over.  - - -Yogi Berra 
It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.  - - -William Clinton 
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.  - - -George Bernard Shaw 
It is useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office.  - - -Shirley MacLaine 
Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you.  - - -Mae West 
Money will not make you happy, and happy will not make you money.  - - -Groucho Marx 
Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once. - - -Eva Gabor 
No problem is so large it cannot be run away from.  - - -Charles M. Schultz (Peanuts) 
Nothing goes out of fashion sooner than a long dress with a very low neck.  - - -Coco Chanel 
Often you just have to rely on your intuition.  - - -Bill Gates, Microsoft 
Oh, grow up!  - - -Joan Rivers 
Old age is no place for sissies.  - - -Bette Davis 
Only time can heal your broken heart, just as only time can heal his broken arms and legs.  - - -Miss Piggy 
Red meat is not bad for you. Now blue-green meat, that's bad for you!  - - -Tommy Smothers 
Sacred cows make the tastiest hamburger.  - - -Abbie Hoffman 
Since everything is in our heads, we had better not lose them.  - - -Coco Chanel 
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.  - - -W. C. Fields 
Stay humble. Always answer the phone, no matter who else is in the car.  - - -Jack Lemmon 
Success is a great deodorant.  - - -Elizabeth Taylor 
The fastest way to a man's heart is through his chest.  - - -Roseanne Arnold 
The future will be better tomorrow.  - - -Dan Quayle 
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.  - - -Lucille Ball 
The worst crime is faking it.  - - -Kurt Cobain 
There is nothing wrong with going to bed with someone of your own sex. People should be very free with sex, they should draw the line at goats.  - - -Elton John 
Time wounds all heels.  - - -Jane Ace 
To keep your character intact you cannot stoop to filthy acts. It makes it easier to stoop the next time.  - - -Katherine Hepburn 
What the hell--you might be right, you might be wrong...but don't just avoid.  - - -Katherine Hepburn 
When your conscience says law is immoral, don't follow it.  - - -Jack Kevorkian 
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jelly beans.  - - -Ronald Reagan 
You've got to take the bitter with the sour.  - - -Samuel Goldwyn 
What you shouldn't do . . .          Don't carry a grudge. While you're carrying the grudge, the other guy's out dancing.  - - -Buddy Hackett 
Don't get mad. Don't get even. Just get elected, then get even.  - - -James Carville 
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.  - - -Janis Joplin 
Never attribute to malice what can adequately be explained by stupidity.  - - -Nick Diamos 
Never believe in mirrors or newspapers.  - - -Tom Stoppard 
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow.  - - -William Brighty Rands 
Never drink black coffee at lunch; it will keep you awake all afternoon.  - - -Jilly Cooper 
Never purchase beauty products in a hardware store.  - - -Miss Piggy 
They lie about me         Half the lies they tell about me aren't true. - - Yogi Berra 
I am surprised at the way people seem to perceive me, and sometimes I read stories and hear things about me and I go "ugh." I wouldn't like her either. It's so unlike what I think I am or what my friends think I am. - - Hillary Rodham Clinton 
There was a lot of tabloid journalism about my supposed sex addiction. Bullshit. It's all bullshit. I mean, come on, I never pretended to be a saint. But give me a break. - - Michael Douglas 
Reports of my death are greatly exaggerated. - - Mark Twain (Cable to the Associated Press on learning that his obituary had been published.) 
I'm not Jacko, I'm Jackson... 'Wacko Jacko' - Where did that come from? Some English tabloid. I have a heart and I have feelings. I feel that when you do that to me, it's not nice. - - Michael Jackson 
I'm not an Uncle Tom. . .. I'm going to be here for 40 years. For those who don't like it, get over it. - - Clarence Thomas 
People have been so busy relating to how I look, it's a miracle I didn't become a self-conscious blob of protoplasm. - - Robert Redford 
People say I'm extravagant because I want to be surrounded by beauty. But tell me, who wants to be surrounded by garbage? - - Imelda Marcos 
I can't get no respect. - - Rodney Dangerfield 
They have vilified me, they have crucified me, yes, they have even criticized me. - - Richard J. Daley 
Just because I have my standards, they think I'm a bitch. - - Diana Ross 
If I make a move, like raise my eyebrows, some critic says I'm doing Nicholson. What am I supposed to do, cut off my eyebrows? - - Christian Slater 
If I walked on water people would say I couldn't swim. - - John Turner 
The truth is, I've made about 30 movies in 30 years, and I've been criticized for 30 years for not making more movies. - - Dustin Hoffman 
If I would believe what I read about myself, I would hate my guts too. - - Zsa Zsa Gabor
Being a sex symbol is a heavy load to carry, especially when one is tired, hurt and bewildered. - - Marilyn Monroe 
Celebrity is a pretty stunning thing. At first I was like 'They love me! Oh, I love them, too.' And suddenly, I was tap-dancing on my pedestal and it was whack! Facedown in the dirt. - - Sharon Stone, Oct. 14, 1994 
It really isn't anybody's business how many people we have working for us. What's offensive is that I'm portrayed as this prima donna with these sycophants telling me how great I am all the time Yes, they do work for me, but we're working together for a higher good. - - Demi Moore 
There are, I think, three countries left in the world where I can go and I'm not as well-known as I am here. I'm a pretty big star, folks - I don't have to tell you. Superstar, I guess you could say. - - Bruce Willis (1998) 
It's not that easy bein' green. - - Kermit the Frog 
I've sold too many books to get good reviews anymore. There's a lot of jealousy, because [reviewers] think they can write a good novel or a best-seller and get frustrated when they can't. I've learned to despise them. - - John Grisham, April 1, 1994 
Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything. - - Bob Dylan 
My only regret in the theater is that I could never sit out front and watch me. - - John Barrymore 
People hate me because I am a multifaceted, talented, wealthy, internationally famous genius. - - Jerry Lewis 
Sometimes I'm so sweet even I can't stand it. - - Julie Andrews 
I've had diseases that lasted longer than my marriages. - - Nell Carter 
I've never yet met a man who could look after me. I don't need a husband. What I need is a wife.  - - -Joan Collins 
If you never want to see a man again, say, "I love you. I want to marry you. I want to have children" -- they leave skid marks.  - - -Rita Rudner 
You can't stay married in a situation where you are afraid to go to sleep in case your wife might cut your throat. - - Mike Tyson
It costs a lot of money to look this cheap. - - -Dolly Parton (about herself) 
A man has to be Joe McCarthy to be called ruthless. All a woman has to do is put you on hold. - - Marlo Thomas 
There are only three ages for women in Hollywood--Babe, District Attorney, and Driving Miss Daisy.  - -Goldie Hawn 
And being gay isn't so easy, either 
I've always said that if anyone ever thought I was straight they must need glasses -- but when I finally came out and said, "Yes, I do sleep with men and I'm gay," yeah, I lost record sales. There's no question -- big, big time. - - Boy George 
Just standing around looking beautiful is so boring, really boring, so boring. - - Michelle Pfeiffer 
Sure the body count in this movie bothers me, but what are you gonna do? It's what everybody likes. At least it's not an awful body count - it's a fun body count. - - Bonnie Bedelia 
On stage I make love to 25,000 people; then I go home alone. - - Janis Joplin 
People have this obsession. They want you to be like you were in 1969. They want you to, because otherwise their youth goes with you.  - - -Mick Jagger, 1993 
I'll be dead by the time I'm forty.  - - -Rod Stewart 
One thing about being successful is that I stopped being afraid of dying. Once you're a star you're dead already. You're embalmed. - - Dustin Hoffman, 1984 
The one thing I do not want to be called is First Lady. It sounds like a saddle horse. - - Jacqueline Kennedy 
There is not one female comic who was beautiful as a little girl. - - Joan Rivers 
The more you stay in this kind of job, the more you realize that a public figure, a major public figure, is a lonely man. - - Richard M. Nixon 
To become a celebrity is to become a brand name. There is Ivory Soap, Rice Krispies, and Philip Roth. Ivory is the soap that floats; Rice Krispies the breakfast cereal that goes snap-crackle-pop; Philip Roth the Jew who masturbates with a piece of liver. - - Philip Roth, 1981 
I'd rather be dead than singing "Satisfaction" when I'm forty-five. - - Mick Jagger 
Finishing second in the Olympics gets you silver. Finishing second in politics gets you oblivion. - - Richard M. Nixon, 1988 
It's a drag having to wear socks during matches, because the tan, like, stops at the ankles. I can never get my skin, like, color coordinated. - - Monica Seles 
Sometimes I feel like an old hooker. - - Cher 
I hate housework! You make the beds, you do the dishes- and six months later you have to start all over again. - - Joan Rivers 
Hollywood is a place where they'll pay you $50,000 for a kiss and 50 cents for your soul. - - Marilyn Monroe 
We've become so glorified in the movie-star system that it's become this artificial royalty. The truth is that we're circus clowns.  -- Nicolas Cage 
My attitude about Hollywood is that I wouldn't walk across the street to pull one of those executives out of the snow if he was bleeding to death. Not unless I was paid for it. None of them ever did me any favors. - - James Woods 
They shoulda called me Little Cocaine, I was sniffing so much of the stuff! My nose got big enough to back a diesel truck in, unload it, and drive it right out again. - - Little Richard 
With every smell, I smell food. With every sight, I see food. I can almost hear food. I want to spade the whole lot through my mouth at Mach 2. Basta! - - Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York (1997) 
I was so drunk last night I fell down and missed the floor. - - Dean Martin 
I don't mind that I'm fat. You still get the same money. - - -Marlon Brando, 1989 
If I could live my life over again, there is one thing I would change. I would want to be able to eat less. - - Luciano Pavarotti 
One more drink and I'll be under the host. - - Dorothy Parker 
Everything I want is either illegal, immoral, or fattening. - - Alexander Woollcott 
Health food may be good for the conscience but Oreos taste a hell of a lot better. - - Robert Redford 
Most of the time I don't have much fun. The rest of the time I don't have any fun at all. - - Woody Allen 
When I die, my epitaph should read: She Paid the Bills. That's the story of my private life. - - Gloria Swanson 
The worst part of success is to try to find someone who is happy for you. - - Bette Midler 
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person. - - Andy Rooney
I have a feeling that when my ship comes in I'll be at the airport. - - Charles M. Schultz (Peanuts) 
Every year back spring comes, with nasty little birds, yapping their fool heads off. - - Dorothy Parker 
People want you to be a crazy, out-of-control teen brat. They want you miserable, just like them. They don't want heroes; what they want is to see you fall.  - -Leonardo DiCaprio 
Spring makes everything look filthy. - - Katherine Whitehorn 
If I had any decency, I'd be dead. Most of my friends are. - - Dorothy Parker 
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat. - - Lily Tomlin
We're an ideal political family, as accessible as Disneyland. - - -Maureen Reagan 
It was no great tragedy being Judy Garland's daughter. I had tremendously interesting childhood years--except they had little to do with being a child. - - -Liza Minnelli 
I wouldn't have turned out the way I was if I didn't have all those old-fashioned values to rebel against. - - -Madonna (1992) 
It really bothers me when I see people doing my mother in drag. I mean, just imagine if you saw people doing that with your mother. - - Chastity Bono 
My family was so poor the lady next door gave birth to me. - - - Lee Trevino 
I guess I look like a rock quarry that someone has dynamited. - - Charles Bronson 
I have a face like the behind of an elephant. - - Charles Laughton 
I've actually gone to the zoo and had monkeys shout to me from their cages, "I'm in here when you're walking around like that?" - - Robin Williams, about his body hair. 
I have a face that is a cross between two pounds of halibut and an explosion in an old clothes closet. - - David Niven 
My face looks like a wedding cake left out in the rain. - - W. H. Auden 
I have eyes like those of a dead pig. - - Marlon Brando 
I'm not handsome in the classical sense. The eyes droop, the mouth is crooked, the teeth aren't straight, the voice sounds like a mafioso pallbearer. - - Sylvester Stallone 
I have everything I had twenty years ago - except now it's all lower. - - -Gypsy Rose Lee 
The only parts left of my original body are my elbows. - - Phyllis Diller 
I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep. That's deep enough. What do you want- an adorable pancreas? - - Jean Kerr
I have sacrificed everything in my life that I consider precious in order to advance the political career of my husband. - - Pat Nixon 
As far as I am concerned, being any gender is a drag. - - Patti Smith 
I'm very uncomfortable with the idea of vaginas. They bother me in the way that spiders bother some people. - - Boy George 
I get so tired listening to one million dollars here, one million dollars there, it's so petty. - - Imelda Marcos 
Moses dragged us through the desert to the one place in the Middle East where there is no oil. - - Golda Meir 
I was the first woman to burn my bra - it took the fire department four days to put it out. - - Dolly Parton 
Rock 'n Roll: The most brutal, ugly, desperate, vicious form of expression it has been my misfortune to hear. - - Frank Sinatra 
Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't talk for people who can't read. --Frank Zappa 
What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. - - Phyllis Diller 
Somebody's boring me I think it's me.  - - -Dylan Thomas 
You won't have Nixon to kick around anymore, because, gentlemen, this is my last press conference. - - Richard Nixon, 1962 
Between two evils, I always choose the one I never tried before.  - - Mae West 
I believe in loyalty. When a woman reaches an age she likes, she should stick with it.  - - Eva Gabor 
I wanted to perform, I wanted to write songs, and I wanted to get lots of chicks.  - - James Taylor, when asked why he got into music. 
Deep down, I'm pretty superficial.  - - Ava Gardner 
God is in my head, but the devil is in my pants.  - - Jonathan Winters 
I'm still the little southern girl from the wrong side of the tracks who really didn't feel like she belonged.  - -Faye Dunaway 
I am a marvelous housekeeper. Every time I leave a man I keep his house.  - - Zsa Zsa Gabor 
I love karate, it's like a bible to me. But deep inside I'm so I mean, I'm so sensitive.  - - Jean-Claude Van Damme, Aug. 23, 1991 
I am just too much.  - - Bette Davis 
I am the Fred Astaire of karate.  - -Jean-Claude Van Damme  
I must be the luckiest man in the world. Not only am I bisexual, I am also Welsh. - - John Osborne 
I feel that there is an angel inside me whom I am constantly shocking.  - - Jean Cocteau 
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.  - - Muhammad Ali 
I never set out to hurt anybody deliberately unless it was, you know, important. Like a league game or something.  - - Dick Butkus 
I'm just an old maid with an attraction to men.  - - Janet Reno 
I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way.  - - Jessica Rabbit "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?" 
There's something about me that makes a lot of people want to throw up.  - - Pat Boone 
Underneath this flabby exterior is an enormous lack of character.  - - Oscar Levant 
I'm not confused, I'm just well mixed.  - - Robert Frost 
 I admit I do have a very nice butt. Some say my career was built on it!  - - Jean-Claude Van Damme 
I've got a talent to act. No matter what any newspaper says about me, I am one of the most sensitive human beings on earth, and I know it.  - - Jean-Claude van Damme, 1993 
I may not be a great actress but I've become the greatest at screen orgasms. Ten seconds of heavy breathing, roll your head from side to side, simulate a slight asthma attack and die a little. - - -Candice Bergen, 1984 
I do not impersonate women. How many women do you know who march around in 7-inch heels, 3-foot wigs and skin-tight outfits? Women don't wear that, drag queens wear that! The public persona of RuPaul is just a fabulous, eye-popping celebrity package designed to work well in front of the camera.  - - RuPaul 
I'm the Connie Francis of rock 'n' roll.  - - Elton John 
I mean, it's unheard of for somebody to hit 70 home runs, so I'm like in awe of myself right now.  --St. Louis Cardinals slugger Mark McGwire after finishing the baseball season with a two-homer day, giving him a record 70 for the year. Sept. 27, 1998. 
Filipinos want beauty. I have to look beautiful so that the poor Filipinos will have a star to look at from their slums.  - - Imelda Marcos 
I say I'm Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Janis Joplin all wrapped up into one. If I die early ... I'll be just like those guys.  - - Dennis Rodman, 1997 
I'm not an egomaniac like a lot of people say. But I am the world's best dancer, that's for sure.  - - Michael Flatley 
I'm not conceited. Conceit is a fault and I have no faults.  - - David Lee Roth 
I am a great mayor; I am an upstanding Christian man; I am an intelligent man; I am a deeply educated man; I am a humble man. - - Marion Barry, Mayor of Washington, DC 
It was God who made me so beautiful. If I weren't, then I'd be a teacher.  - - Linda Evangelista, 1997 
People think modeling's mindless, that you just stand there and pose, but it doesn't have to be that way. I like to have a lot of input, I know how to wear a dress, whether it should be shot with me standing up or sitting down. And I'm not scared to say what I think.  - - Linda Evangelista 
I've been through it all, baby. I'm Mother Courage.  - - Elizabeth Taylor 
If I only had a little humility, I'd be perfect. - - Ted Turner 
Capital punishment is our society's recognition of the sanctity of human life. - - Orrin Hatch (US Senator from Utah) explaining his support of the death penalty, May 16, 1988 
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say.  - - Marshall McLuhan 
I never know how much of what I say is true.  - - Bette Midler 
I have nothing intelligent to say.  - - Meg Tilly, when approached by a TV reporter asking questions on her way into the 1997 Oscar ceremonies. 
I am not denying anything I did not say.  - - -Brian Mulrooney 
I really didn't say everything I said.  - - Yogi Berra 
I favor the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and it must be enforced at gunpoint if necessary. - - Ronald Reagan, October 20, 1965 
I'm a meathead. I can't help it, man. You've got smart people and you've got dumb people.  - - Keanu Reeves 
I think I may boast myself to be, with all possible vanity, the most unlearned and uninformed female who ever dared to be an authoress.  - - -Jane Austen 
My movies were the kind they show in prisons and airplanes, because nobody can leave.  - - -Burt Reynolds 
I'm no actor, and I have sixty-four pictures to prove it.  - - -Victor Mature 
There are two reasons why I'm in show business, and I'm standing on both of them.  - - -Betty Grable 
Of all the things I've ever lost I miss my mind the most.  - - Steven Tyler 
I am not a crook.  - - Richard Nixon 
I'm not smart enough to lie.  - - Ronald Reagan 
I am not a lesbian and I am not a slut, and somehow I am going to make people believe me.  - - Vanessa Williams 
I am not in the closet. I am not coming out of the closet. I am not gay.  - - Oprah Winfrey 
I believe I'm a better authority than anybody else in America on my own wife. I have never known a person with a stronger sense of right and wrong in my life- ever.  - - Bill Clinton 
I haven't committed a crime. What I did was fail to comply with the law.  - - David Dinkins 
I don't know, I don't care, and it doesn't make any difference.  - - Jack Kerouac 
I don't care what is written about me so long as it isn't true.  - - Katherine Hepburn 
I do not like broccoli and I haven't liked it since I was a little kid and my mother made me eat it. Now I'm President of the United States and I'm not going to eat any more broccoli.  --George Bush 
I'm the type of guy who'd sell you a rat's asshole for a wedding ring.  - - -Tom Waits 
I've made an ass of myself so many times I often wonder if I am one.  - - -Norman Mailer 
Underneath this flabby exterior is an enormous lack of character.  - - -Oscar Levant 
Success didn't spoil me; I've always been insufferable.  - - -Fran Lebowitz 
When I was in England I experimented with marijuana a time or two, and I didn't like it. I didn't inhale.  --Candidate Bill Clinton (The New York Times, 3/30/92) 
I don't meet competition. I crush it.  - - Charles Revson 
I'm not the type to get ulcers. I give them.  - - -Ed Koch 
I don't want people to know what I'm actually like. It's not good for an actor. - - Jack Nicholson, 1993 
I always figured the American public wanted a solemn ass for president, so I went along with them.  - - -Calvin Coolidge 
I don't read books, I write them.  - - Henry Kissinger 
I'm not the type to get ulcers. I give them.  - - Ed Koch 
When I sing, people shut up.  - - -Barbra Streisand 
If people screw me, I screw back in spades.  - - Donald Trump 
You have to be a bastard to make it, and that's a fact. And the Beatles are the biggest bastards on earth.  - - -John Lennon 
I should never have married, but I didn't want to live without a man. Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did.  - - Bette Davis 
Cocaine habit forming? Of course not, I ought to know. I've been using it for years.  - - Tallulah Bankhead 
I only drink to steady my nerves. Sometimes I'm so steady I don't move for months.  - - W. C Fields 
When I was in England I experimented with marijuana a time or two, I didn't like it, I didn't inhale it, and never tried it again.  - - William Jefferson Clinton 
The only thing I thought might ever kill me off was clean living. I thought, "How am I going to listen to that horrible noise I make without a gram of coke and a couple of double Jack Daniels?"  - - Iggy Pop 
You know, it's cigarettes that killed (Jerry) Garcia. Everyone thinks it's heroin, but it wasn't. It was cigarettes.  - - John Mellencamp, 1996 
I like children. If they're properly cooked.  - - W. C. Fields 
I like dogs better [than people]. They give you unconditional love. They either lick your face or bite you, but you always know where they're coming from. With people, you never know which ones will bite. The difference between dogs and men is that you know where dogs sleep at night.  - - Greg Louganis 
I love people. And when you love people that much that you're disappointed in them every day, that love can turn to hate in a flash of a second.  --Johny Depp 
I never trust a man unless I've got his pecker in my pocket.  - - Lyndon B. Johnson 
I love New York City; I've got a gun.  - - Charles Barkley 
Feminism is just a way for ugly women to get into the mainstream of America.  - - Rush Limbaugh 
The movie business divides women into ice queens and sluts, and there have been times I wanted to be a slut more than anything.  - - Sigourney Weaver 
My notion of a wife at 40 is that a man should be able to change her, like a bank note, for two 20s.  - - Warren Beatty, 1997 
I don't think I was constructed to be monogamous. I don't think it's the nature of any man to be monogamous. Men are propelled by genetically ordained impulses over which they have no control to distribute their seed into as many females as possible. - - -Marlon Brando (1994) 
I like men to behave like men - strong and childish.  - - Franoise Sagan 
I love the way men smell. I love the way they taste, their texture, the way they're built.  - - Marilu Henner 
I love the male body, it's better designed than the male mind. - - -Andrea Newman 
I never hated a man enough to give him his diamonds back.  - - Zsa Zsa Gabor 
I like two kinds of men: domestic and imported.  - - Mae West 
Effeminate men intrigue me more than anything in the world. I see them as my alter egos. I feel very drawn to them. I think like a guy, but I'm feminine. So I relate to feminine men. - - -Madonna, 1991 
I require three things in a man: He must be handsome, ruthless, and stupid.  - - Dorothy Parker 
I owe everything - my success and happiness - to men.  - - Dinah Shore 
I should think that being my old lady would be all the satisfaction or career any woman needs. - - Mick Jagger  
If I die before my cat, I want a little of my ashes put in his food so I can live inside him. - - Drew Barrymore (1998) 
When I walk into a bookstore, I want to see my picture on the cover of every magazine, like Leonardo DiCaprio. - - Brandy 
I want to keep fighting because it is the only thing that keeps me out of the hamburger joints. If I don't fight, I'll eat this planet.  - - George Foreman 
I want a man who's kind and understanding. Is that too much to ask of a millionaire?  - - Zsa Zsa Gabor 
I want real loyalty. I want someone who will kiss my ass in Macy's window, and say it smells like roses.  - - Lyndon Johnson 
It's funny the way most people love the dead. Once you are dead, you are made for life.  --Jimi Hendrix, Rolling Stone, December 2, 1976.  
Giving birth is like taking your lower lip and forcing it over your head.  - - Carole Burnett
With all due respect to the world's great drummers - it ain't brain surgery.  - - Mickey Dolenz, 1996
Our bodies are just temporary vessels for our souls, which will go on forever. You really are an extension of the power that created the whole universe, no matter what drags you have on.  - - Ru Paul
How many husbands have I had? You mean apart from my own? - - -Zsa Zsa Gabor