Ralph's Observation: It is a mistake to allow any mechanical object to realize that you are in a hurry.
Farnsdick's corollary: After things have gone from bad to worse, the cycle will repeat itself.
Firestone's Law of Forcasting: Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Manly's Maxim: Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Cannon's Comment: If you tell the boss you were late for work because you had a flat tire, the next morning you will have a flat tire.
Murpny's Law: If anything can go wrong, it will.
Murphy's Corollary: Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Murphy's Corollary: It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Murphy's Constant: Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
Quantized Revision of Murphy's Law: Everything goes wrong all at once.
O'Toole's Commentary: Murphy was an optimist.
Scott's Second Law: When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found to have been correct in the first place.
Finagle's First Law: If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
Finagle's Third Law: In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct, beyond all need of checking, is the mistake. 
Finagle's Fourth Law: Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes it worse.
Gumperson's Law: The probability of anything happening is in inverse ratio to its desirability.
Rudin's Law: In crises that force people to choose among alternative courses of action, most people will  choose the worst one possible.
Ginsberg's Restatement of the Three Laws of Thermodynamics: You can't win. You can't break even. You can't quit.
Ehrman's Commentary: Things will get worse before they will get better. Who said things would get better?
Howe's Law: Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
Zymurgy's First Law of Evolving Systems Dynamics: Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them is to use a bigger can.
Non-Reciprocal Law of Expectations: Negative expectations yield negative results. Positive expectations yield negative results.
Klipstein's Law: You never find a lost article until you replace it.
Glatum's Law of Materialistic Acquisitiveness: The perceived usefulness of an article is inversely proportional to its actual usefulness once bought and paid for.
Lewis' Law: No matter how long or hard you shop for an item, after you've bought it, it will be on sale somewhere cheaper.
The Airplane Law: When the plane you are on is late, the plane you want to transfer to is on time.
Etorre's Observation: The other line always moves faster.
Etorre's Ovservation: The chance of the bread falling with the butter side down  is directly proportional to the value of the carpet.
Hawkin's Theory of Progress: Progress does not consist of replacing a theory that is wrong with one that is right. It consists of replacing a theory that is wrong with one that is more subtly wrong.
Gold's Law: If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
Law of Reruns: If you have watched a TV series only once, and you watch it again, it will be a rerun of the same episode.
Gerrold's Two Laws of Infernal Dynamics: 1. An object in motion will be heading in the wrong direction. 2. An object at rest will be in the wrong place.
Langin's Law: If things were left to chance, they'd be better.
Klipstein's Observation: If you need n items of anything, you will have n - 1 in stock
Binny's Law: After the last of screws has been fitted, it will be discovered that a small piece of the artice is left outside. || \n End Of Murpy's Laws
Murphy's Laws In Computing: When computing, whatever happens, behave as though you meant it to happen.
When You get to the pooint where you realy understand your computer, Its obsolete
The first place to look for information is in the section of the manual where you least expect ot find it.
When the going gets tough, reinstall. If the going is still tough, Update.
For every action, There is an ezual and opposite malfunction.
To err is human, to blame your computer is even more human.
He who laugh last propably made a backup.
If at first you don't succeed, blame your computer.
A complex system that does not work is invariably found to have evolved from a simpler system that worked fine.
The number one cause of computer problems is computer solutions.
A computer program will always do what you tell it to do, but rarly what you want it to do.