And as we wind on down the road our shadows taller than our soul there walks a lady we all know who shines white light and wants to show how everything still turns to gold and if you listen very hard the tune will come to you at last when all are one and one is all to be a rock and not to roll. - - - Led Zeppelin, "Stairway to Heaven"  
All you touch and all you see, Is all your life will ever be. - - - Pink Floyd, "Breathe"  
All of us get lost in the darkness Dreamers learn to steer by the stars All of us do time in the gutters Dreamers turn to look at the cars - - - Rush "The Pass" 
Amazing grace! How sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me! I once was lost, but now am found, Was blind, but now I see. Through many dangers, toils, and snares, I have already come: 'Tis grace has brought me safe thus far, And grace will lead me home. - - - John Newton, "Amazing Grace"
And Honey, I miss you and I'm being good. And I'd love to be with you if only I could. - - - Bobby Goldsboro, "Honey"  
And if I can't be with you I would rather have a different face And if I can't be near you I would rather be adrift in space And if the gods desert us I would burn this chapel into flames And if someone tries to hurt you I would put myself in your place - - - Neil Finn "Try Whistling This" 
And if she asks you why you can tell her that I told you That I'm tired of Castles in the Air I've got a dream I want the world to share in castle walls Just leave me to despair 
Hills of forest green where the mountains touch the sky A dream come true, I'll live there 'til I die I'm asking you, to say my last good-bye The love we knew, ain't worth another try - - - Don McLean "Castles in the Air" 
And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon Little boy blue and the man in the moon. - - - Harry Chapin, "Cat's In the Cradle"  
And the seasons, they go round and round, And the painted ponies go up and down. We're captive on the carousel of time. We can't return, we can only look Behind from where we came, And go round and round and round in the circle game. - - - Tom Rush, "The Circle Game"  
And the words of the prophets are written on the subway walls, And tenement halls, And whispered in the sounds of silence. - - - Paul Simon, "Sounds of Silence"  
And though you want to last forever, You know you never will, You know you never will, And the good-bye makes the journey harder still. - - - Cat Stevens "O Very Young"  
And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking. Racing around to come up behind you again. The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older. Shorter of breath and one day closer to death. - - - Pink Floyd, "Time"  
Are you lonesome tonight? Do you miss me tonight? Are you sorry we drifted apart? Does your memory stray to a bright sunny day? When I kissed you and called you sweetheart? Do the chairs in your parlor seem empty and bare? Do you gaze at your doorstep and picture me there? Is your heart filled with pain, shall I come back again? Tell me dear, are you lonesome tonight?  - - -Roy Turk and Lou Handman, "Are You Lonesome Tonight"  
Aruba, Jamaica, ooh I wanna take you to Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty mama Key Largo Montego, baby why don't we go Ooh I wanna take you down to  Kokomo, we'll get there fast and then we'll take it slow That's where we wanna go, way down in Kokomo.  - - -Beach Boys, "Kokomo"  
Beautiful dreamer, wake unto me, Starlight and dewdrop are waiting for thee. - - - Stephen Foster, "Beautiful Dreamer"  
Because you're mine I walk the line. - - - Johnny Cash, "I Walk the Line"  
Blue Moon, you saw me standing alone Without a dream in my heart Without a love of my own - - -Lorenz Hart, "Blue Moon"  
But of all these friends and lovers There is no one compares with you.  And these memories lose their meaning When I think of love as something new.  Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life, I love you more.  - - -Beatles "In My Life" 
Come on baby, light my fire Try to set the night on fire - - -Robbie Kreiger , "Light My Fire"  
Day is done gone the sun from the lake from the hill from the sky all is well safely rest God is nigh - - - Anonymous "Taps"  
Doesn't anybody stay in one place any more? - - - Carole King, "Far Away"  
Don't go changing, to try and please me You never let me down before. - - - Billy Joel, "Just the Way You Are"  
Don't want to close my eyes I don't want to fall asleep 'Cause I'd miss you, baby, and I don't want to miss a thing.  'Cause even when I dream of you,  The sweetest dream would never do I'd still miss you baby, and I don't want to miss a thing.  - - - Aerosmith "Don't want to miss a thing" 
Down the street the dogs are barking And the day is getting dark.  As the night comes in a-falling,  The dogs¡äll lose their bark And the silent night will shatter From the sounds inside my mind,  For I¡äm one to many mornings And a thousand miles behind.  From the crossroads of my doorstep,  My eyes they start to fade,  As I turn my head back to the room Where my love and I have laid....  - - - Bob Dylan "One Too Many Mornings" 
Driving that train, high on cocaine Casey Jones you'd better watch your speed Trouble ahead, trouble behind And you know that notion just crossed my mind - - - Robert Hunter (Grateful Dead) "Casey Jones" 
Every breath you take and every move you make Every bond you break, every step you take I'll be watchin' you 
Every single day and every word you say Every game you play, every night you stay I'll be watchin' you - - -Sting, "Every Breath You Take" 
Every time I look in the mirror All these lines on my face getting clearer The past is gone It goes by, like dusk to dawn Isn't that the way Everybody's got their dues in life to pay - - - Aerosmith, "Dream On"  
Fly away, to the rainbow in the sky Gold is at the end for each of us to find There the road begins, where another one will end Here the four winds know who will break and who will bend All to be the Master of the Wind - - - Manowar, " Master of the Wind"  
Fred Jones was worn out from caring for his often screaming and crying wife during the day, but he couldn't sleep at night for fear that she,  in a stupor from the drugs that didn't ease the pain would set the house ablaze with a cigarette - - - Ben Folds Five, "Cigarette" (that's the whole song)  
Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose. Nothin' ain't worth nothin' but it's free.  - - - Kris Kristofferson, "Me and Bobby McGee"  
Happy days are here again, The skies above are clear again: Let us sing a song of cheer again, Happy days are here again! - - - Jack Yellen "Happy Days Are Here Again"  
He goes along just as a water lily Gentle on the surface of his thoughts his body floats Unweighed down by passion or intensity Yet unaware of the depth upon which he coasts And he finds a home in me For what misfortune sows, he knows my touch will reap - - -Fiona Apple, "Pale September"  
He not busy being born is busy dying.  - - - Bob Dylan, "It's Alright, Ma"  
Hear that lonesome whippoorwill? He sounds too blue to fly. The midnight train is whining low, I'm so lonesome I could cry. - - - Hank Williams, "I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry"  
How can I be sure in a world that's constantly changing?  How can I be sure where I stand with you?  Whenever I, whenever I am away from you I wanna die cause you know I wanna stay with you.  How do I know?  Maybe you're trying to use me;  flying too high can confuse me;  touch me but don't take me down.  - - - The Young Rascals, "How Can I Be Sure?" 
How I wish How I wish you were here. We're just two lost souls, Swimming in a fish bowl, Year after year 
Running over the same old ground. What have we found? The same old fears Wish you were here - - - Pink Floyd, "Wish You Were Here" 
How many times can a man turn his head, and pretend that he just doesn't see? - - - Bob Dylan "Blowing in the Wind"  
I come to you defenses down with the trust of a child. - - - Peter Gabriel "Red Rain" 
I didn't mean to take up all your sweet time... I'll give it right back to you, one of these days - - - Jimi Hendrix  
I don't believe in destiny or the guiding hand of fate I don't believe in forever, or love as a mystical state I don't believe in the stars or the planets or angels watching from above But I believe there's a ghost of a chance  we can find someone to love and make it last.  - - - Rush "Ghost Of A Chance" 
i like a tombstone, cuz it weathers well,  and if it stands or if it crumbles, only time will tell. 
and you can carve my name in marble, you must cut it deep;  there'll be no dancing on the gravestone, you must let me sleep. ---suzanne vega, "tombstone" 
I met a girl who sang the blues and I asked her for some happy news, but she just smiled and turned away. And the three men I admire most, The Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost, They caught the last train to the coast The day the music died. - - - Don McLean, "American Pie"  
I sing my heart out to the wide open spaces I sing my heart out to the infinite sea I sing my vision to the sky-high mountains I sing my song to the free. - - - Pete Townshend "Song is Over"  
I want to stand with you on a mountain I want to bathe with you in the sea I want to lay like this forever Until the sky falls down on me - - -Savage Garden, "Truly Madly Deeply"  
I woke up this morning,  Smiled at the rising sun,  Three little birds,  Sat on my doorstep,  Singing sweet songs - - -Bob Marley "Three Little Birds" 
I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints Sinners are much more fun. - - - Billy Joel, "Only the Good Die Young"  
I'm going, I'm going, where the water tastes like wine, We can jump in the water, stay drunk all the time - - -Canned Heat, "Going Up The Country"  
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good, Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood. - - - Joe Cocker, "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood"  
I'm not scared of dyin' and I don't really care if it's peace you find in dyin' well then let the time be near. 
And when I die and when I'm gone there'll be one child born and a world to carry on. - - - Laura Nyro, "And When I Die" 
I'm so afraid to love you, but more afraid to loose Clinging to a past that doesn't let me choose Once there was a darkness, deep and endless night You gave me everything you had, oh you gave me light And I will remember you Will you remember me?  Don't let your life pass you by Weep not for the memories  - - - Sarah McLachlan, "I Will Remember You" 
I'm wild again, Beguiled again, A simpering, whimpering child again -  Bewitched, bothered and bewildered am I.  - - -Lorenz Hart, "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered"  
I've been trying to get down to the heart of the matter but my will gets weak and my thoughts seem to scatter but I think it's about forgiveness...  forgiveness,  even if you don't love me anymore.  - - -Don Henly "Heart of The Matter"  
If I should stay  I would only be in your way  So I'll go, but I know  I'll think of you each step of the way  And I will always love you  I will always love you  
Bitter sweet Memories  That's all I am taking with me  Good-bye. Please don't cry  We both know that I'm not  What you need  But I will always love you  I will always love you.  - - -Dolly Parton "I Will Always Love You" 
If the future's looking dark We're the ones who have to shine If there's no one in control We're the ones who draw the line Though we live in trying times We're the ones who have to try Though we know that time has wings We're the ones who have to fly.  - - -Rush "Everyday Glory"  
If you said good-bye to me tonight, There would still be music left to write. - - - Billy Joel, "The Longest Time"  
If you want my body and you think I'm sexy come on sugar let me know.  - - -Rod Stewart, "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy"  
In every heart there is a room A sanctuary safe and strong  To heal the wounds from lovers past Until a new one comes along" - - - Billy Joel "And So It Goes"  
In the clearing stands the boxer, and a fighter by his trade. And he carries a reminder of every glove that laid him down... or cut him till he cried out in his anger and his shame "I am leaving! I am leaving" but the fighter still remains. - - - Paul Simon, "The Boxer"  
In the rain the pavement shines like silver All the lights are misty in the river In the darkness, the trees are full of starlight And all I see is him and me forever and forever - - - "On My Own" from Les Miserables 
in your eyes  the light the heat  in your eyes  I am complete  in your eyes  I see the doorway to a thousand churches  in your eyes  the resolution of all the fruitless searches  in your eyes  I see the light and the heat  in your eyes  oh, I want to be that complete  I want to touch the light,  the heat I see in your eyes  - - - Peter Gabriel "In Your Eyes" 
Is this the real life Is this just fantasy Caught in a landslide No escape from reality Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy Because I'm easy come, easy go; little high, little low anyway the wind blows doesn't really matter to me To me - - -Queen, "Bohemian Rhapsody"  
It came upon the midnight clear, That glorious song of old, From angels bending near the earth To touch their harps of gold: "Peace on earth, good will to men From Heaven's all - gracious King" - The world in solemn stillness lay To hear the angels sing. - - - Edmund Hamilton Sears, "The Angels' Song"  
It's the heart afraid of dying, that never learns to dance; It's the dream afraid of waking, that never takes the chance; It's the one who won't be taken, who cannot seem to give; And the soul afraid of dying, that never learns to live. - - - Bette Midler, "The Rose"  
I've looked at life from both sides now From up and down, and still somehow It's life's illusions I recall I really don't know life at all. - - - Joni Mitchell "Both Sides Now"  
I've seen fire and I've seen rain I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend But I always thought that I'd see you again - - - James Taylor "Fire and Rain" 
It was your song that made me sing It was your song that gave me wings It was your light that shined  guiding my heart to find This place where I belong It was your song 
Dreams can come true  With God's great angels like you - - -Garth Brooks "Your Song"  
Joy to the world All the boys and girls now Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea Joy to you and me - - -Hoyt Axton, "Joy to the World"  
Late at night a big ole house gets lonely,  I guess every form refuge has its price And it breaks her heart to think her love is only Given to a man with hands as cold as ice.  - - - Eagles "Lyin' Eyes" 
Life it seems, will fade away Drifting further every day Getting lost within myself Nothing matters no one else I have lost the will to live Simply nothing more to give There is nothing more for me Need the end to set me free - - - Metallica "Fade to Black" 
Like a circle in a spiral Like a wheel within a wheel Never ending or beginning On an ever-spinning reel As the images unwind Like the circles that you find In the windmills of your mind.  - - - Michel LeGrand "Windmills of Your Mind" 
Little drops of rain Whisper of the pain Tears of love Lost in the days gone by. - - - Robert Plant, "Thank You"  
Love can touch us one time And last for a lifetime  And never let go till we're gone - - - Celine Dion "My Heart Will Go On" 
Love is a rose  But you better not pick it.  It only grows  When it's on the vine.  Handful of thorns  And you'll know you missed it.  You lose your love  When you say the word MINE.  - - - Neil Young, "Love Is A Rose" 
Lovin' you has made my life so beautiful And every day of my life is filled with lovin' you Lovin' you I see your soul come shining through And every time that we ooooh I'm more in love with you - - -Minnie Riperton, "Lovin' You"  
Mama may have Papa may have But God bless the child that's got his own That's got his own. - - - Arthur Herzog and Billie Holiday, "God Bless the Child"  
Maybe I will never be All the things that I'd like to be Now is not the time to cry Now's the time to find out why I think you're the same as me We see things they'll never see You and I are gonna live forever - - - Oasis "Live Forever" 
Memory. All alone in the moonlight I can smile at the old days I was beautiful then. - - - Trevor Nunn, "Cats"  
'Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam, Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home. - - - John Howard Payne, "Home, Sweet Home"  
Moons and Junes and Ferris wheels The dizzy dancing way you feel As every fairy tale comes real I've looked at love that way. - - - Joni Mitchell, "Both Sides Now"  
Morning has broken Like the first morning. Blackbird has spoken Like the first bird. - - - Eleanor Farjeon, "A Morning Song"  
My eyes adored ya Though I never laid a hand on you My eyes adored ya Like a million miles away from me you couldn't see how I adored ya So close, so close and yet so far - - -Frankie Valli, "My Eyes Adored You"  
My life has been a tapestry of rich and royal hue. An everlasting vision of the ever-changing view. - - - Carole King "Tapestry"  
Nights in white satin never reaching the end Letters I've written never meaning to send Beauty I'd always missed with these eyes before Just what the truth is I can't say any more Cause I love you  Yes I love you Oh how I love you - - - Justin Hayward, "Nights In White Satin"  
Now some they do and some they don't And some you just can't tell And some they will and some they won't With some it's just as well. - - - Supertramp, "Good-bye Stranger"  
Oh Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling From glen to glen, and down the mountain side. The summer's gone and all the flowers are dying Yet you, yet you, must go and I must bide. - - - Traditional Song "Danny Boy"  
Oh, the shark has pretty teeth, dear, And he shows them pearly white. Just a jackknife has Macheath, dear, And he keeps them out of sight.  - - -Kurt Weill, Bertolt Brecht, "Threepenny Opera"  
Oh you are in my blood like holy wine  You taste so bitter and so sweet  Oh I could drink a case of you, darling  And I would still be on my feet  Oh I would still be on my feet.  - - -Joni Mitchell, "A Case Of You" - Blue album  
Oh, no, it can't be teardrops 'Cause a man ain't supposed to cry.  - - - Dee Clark  
Old black water, keep on rollin' Mississippi moon won't you keep on shinin' on me? - - - Patrick Simmons, "Black Water"  
One look at love and you may see it weaves a web over mystery,  all ravelled threads can rend apart for hope has a place in the lover's heart.  Hope has a place in a lover's heart. - - - Enya "Hope Has a Place" 
Once a jolly swagman camped by a billabong, Under the shade of a coolibar tree, And he sang as he sat and waited for his billy-boil, You'll come a-waltzing, Matilda, with me. - - - Andrew Barton "Banjo" Paterson, "Australia's National Song"  
Para bailar la bamba Para bailar la bamba  se necesita una poca de gracia Una poca de gracia para mi para ti  y arriba y arriba, y arriba y arriba  con ti sere  con ti sere, con ti sere. 
Yo no soy marinero Yo no soy marinero,  soy capitan, soy capitan.  
Bamba, bamba, bamba, bamba Bamba, bamba Bamba - - -Los Lobos "La Bamba" 
People talking without speaking, People hearing without listening, People writing songs that voices never share, and no one dare disturb the Sound of Silence. - - - Paul Simon, "Sounds of Silence"  
People, people who need people Are the luckiest people in the world. - - - Bob Merrill, "People Who Need People"  
Pink it was love at first sight Pink when I turn out the light, and Pink gets me high as a kite And I think everything is going to be all right No matter what we do tonight - - -Aerosmith, "Pink"  
Place a name upon the night One to set your heart alight And to make the darkness bright Paint the sky with stars.  - - -Enya "Paint the Sky with Stars" 
Quick to judge, quick to anger  Slow to understand  Ignorance and prejudice  And fear walk hand in hand  - - -Rush "Witch Hunt" 
River gonna take me, Sing me sweet and sleepy, Sing me sweet and sleepy all the way back home,  It's a far gone lullaby sung many years ago Mama, Mama, many worlds I've come since I first left home - - -Robert Hunter (Grateful Dead) "Brokedown Palace" 
Row, row, row your boat Gently down the stream. Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily Life is but a dream. - - - Traditional Song  
She said the man in the gabardine suit was a spy. I said, "Be careful, his bow tie is really a camera." - - - Simon & Garfunkel, "America"  
She's got a way about her, And everywhere she goes,  a million dreams of love surround her, everywhere. - - - Billy Joel "She's Got a Way"  
See the stone set in your eyes See the thorn twist in your side I wait for you Sleight of hand and twist of fate On a bed of nails she makes me wait And I wait . . . without you 
With or without you With or without you - - -U2, "With or Without You" 
She wore blue velvet Bluer than velvet was the night Softer than satin was the light From the stars She wore blue velvet Bluer than velvet were her eyes Warmer than May her tender sighs - - -Bernie Wayne and Lee Morris, "Blue Velvet"  
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And auld lang syne? - - - Robert Burns, "Auld Lang Syne"  
Shower the people you love with love Show them the way that you feel Things are gonna work out fine if you only will. - - - James Taylor, "Shower the People"  
Sing us a song you're the piano man. Sing us a song tonight. Cause we're all in the mood for a melody, And you've got us feeling all right. - - - Billy Joel  
Sing with me, sing for the year Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears Sing with me, if it's just for today Maybe tomorrow, the good lord will take you away - - - Aerosmith, "Dream On"  
So excuse me forgetting, but these things I do You see I've forgotten, if they're green or they're blue Anyway, the thing is, what I really mean Yours are the sweetest eyes, I've ever seen. - - - Elton John / Bernie Taupin  
Someday when we meet up yonder We'll stroll hand and hand again In a land that knows no parting Blue eyes crying in the rain. - - - Fred Rose, "Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain" sung by Willie Nelson  
Somewhere over the rainbow Bluebirds fly. Birds fly over the rainbow - Why then, oh why can't I? - - - E. Y. Harburg, "Over the Rainbow"  
Stars shining bright above you Night breezes seem to whisper, "I love you" Birds singing in the sycamore tree Dream a little dream of me - - -Gus Kahn, "Dream A Little Dream of Me"  
Starry Starry night Paint your palette blue and gray Look out on a summer's day With eyes that know the darkness in my soul Shadows on the hills Sketch the trees and the daffodils Catch the breeze and the winter chills In colors on the snowy linen land. - - - Don McLean "Vincent" 
Summer breeze makes me feel fine Blowing through the jasmine in my mind. - - - Seals & Crofts, "Summer Breeze"  
Summers going fast Nights growing colder Children growing up Old friends growing older 
Freeze this moment a little bit longer Make each sensation a little bit stronger - - - Rush "Time Stand Still" 
Summertime And the livin' is easy, Fish are jumpin', and the cotton is high. - - - Ira Gershwin, "Porgy and Bess"  
Thanks for the joy that you're givin' me  I want you to know I believe in your song Rhythm and rhyme and harmony You help me along, makin' me strong,  Give me the beat boys and free my soul I wanna get lost in your rock n' roll And drift away . . . - - - Dobie Gray "Drift Away"  
The hypocrites are slandering The sacred halls of Truth Ancient nobles showering Their bitterness on youth Can't we find The minds that made us strong Can't we learn To feel what's right and wrong - - - Rush "A Farewell To Kings" 
The love you take is equal to the love you make. - - - The Beatles, "The End"  
The moon upon the ocean is swept around in motion but without ever knowing the reason for its flowing in motion on the ocean the moon still keeps on moving the waves still keep on waving and I still keep on going - - - Enya "Anywhere Is" 
There are many here among us who think life is but a joke but you and I, we've been through that; this is not our fate. Let us not speak falsely now, the hour's getting late. - - - Bob Dylan, "All Along the Watchtower"  
There are places I'll remember All my life though some have changed. Some forever not for better Some have gone and some remain. All these places have their moments With lovers and friends I still can recall. Some are dead and some are living, In my life I've loved them all. - - -Beatles "In My Life" 
There's beauty in the silver singing river There's beauty in the sunrise in the sky But none of these and nothing else can match the beauty That I remember in my true love's eyes  - - -Bob Dylan, "Tomorrow is a Long Time"  
They say that these are not the best of times, But they're the only times I've ever known. And I believe there is a time for meditation in cathedrals of our own.  - - - Billy Joel, "Summer, Highland Falls"  
Time it was and what a time it was it was... a time of innocence a time confidences long ago it must be I have a photograph preserve your memories its all that's left you. - - - Paul Simon / Art Garfunkel  
To dream the impossible dream, To reach the unreachable star! - - - Joe Darion  
Tonight you're mine completely You give your love so sweetly Tonight the light of love is in your eyes But will you love me tomorrow?  - - -Gerry Goffin and Carole King, "Will You Love Me Tomorrow?"  
Unforgettable, that's what you are Unforgettable though near or far Like a song of love that clings to me How the thought of you does things to me Never before has someone been more 
Unforgettable in every way And forever more, that's how you'll stay That's why, darling, it's incredible That someone so unforgettable Thinks that I am unforgettable too - - - Irving Gordon, "Unforgettable" 
What do you want me to do, To watch for you,  To see you through?  A box of rain will ease the pain,  and love, will see you through.  - - - Robert Hunter (Grateful Dead) "Box of Rain" 
What the world needs now is love, sweet love, It's the only thing that there's just too little of. - - - Burt Bacharach / Hal David  
When a lovely flame dies, Smoke gets in your eyes. - - - Otto Harbach  
When a man loves a woman Can't keep his mind on nothing else He'll trade the world  For the good thing he's found - - -Percy Sledge, "When a Man Loves a Woman"  
When Israel was in Egypt land,  Let my people go, Oppressed so hard they could not stand, Let my people go. Go down, Moses, Way-down in Egypt land, Tell old Pharaoh To let my people go. - - - Negro Spiritual  
When it seems like the night will last forever, And there's nothing left to do but count the years,  When the strings of my harp to sever,  And stones fall from my eyes instead of tears...  I will walk alone by the black muddy river,  And dream me a dream of my own,  I will walk alone by the black muddy river, And sing me a song of my own.  - - - Robert Hunter (Grateful Dead) "Black Muddy River" 
When my soul was in the lost-and-found You came along to claim it. - - - Carole King, "Tapestry"  
When there's a shadow, you follow the sun. When there is love, then you look for the one.  And for the promises, there is the sky.  And for the heavens are those who can fly.  - - - Enya "Only If" 
When you're weary, feeling small When tears are in your eyes, I'll dry them all I'm on your side when times get rough And friends just can't be found Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down - - - Simon and Garfunkel. "Bridge Over Troubled Water"  
While we're living The dreams we have as children Fade away  - - -Oasis, "Fade Away"  
Winter, spring, summer or fall All you have to do is call And I'll be there, You've got a friend. - - - James Taylor  
Yesterday all my troubles seemed so far away. Now it looks as though they're here to stay. Oh, I believe in yesterday.  - - -The Beatles "Yesterday"  
You can choose a ready guide In some celestial voice.  If you choose not to decide You still have made a choice.  You can choose from phantom fears And kindness that can kill I will choose a path that's clear I will choose Freewill - - - Rush "Permanent Waves" 
You can speak your mind But not on my time. - - - Billy Joel, "My Life"  
You say you want, diamonds on a ring of gold You say you want, your story to remain untold All the promises we made From the cradle to the grave When all I want is you. - - - U2, "All I Want is You" 
Yesterday don't matter if it's gone. - - -Rolling Stones, "Ruby Tuesday"  
You know a dream is like a river Ever changing as it flows. And a dreamer's just a vessel That must follow where it goes. Trying to learn from what's behind you And never knowing what's in store Makes each day a constant battle Just to stay between the shores. - - - Garth Brooks, "The River"  
You may be right I may be crazy. But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for. - - - Billy Joel, "You May Be Right"  
You must remember this, a kiss is still a kiss, A sigh is just a sigh; The fundamental things apply, As time goes by. - - - Herman Hupfeld, "As Time Goes By"  
You're so vain. I bet you think this song is about you. - - - Carly Simon, "You're So Vain"  
You're the cutest thing that I ever did see I really love your peaches, wanna shake your tree - - -Steve Miller, "The Joker"  
